DRAFT: CDK - add cli tool (#1783)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/getting-started/cdk-cli-tool.md

The Polygon Chain Development Kit, or simply CDK, is a tool box of components that a chain administrator can use to build a rollup or validium chain.

At a high level, CDK components are like building blocks a chain administrator can select to configure a ZK-powered chain according to their own design.

To abstract away the complexity of running or configuring CDK components, Polygon provides a Rust-based CLI tool which is an interface that chain administrators can use to interact with CDK components.

This CLI tool is an entry point for chain administrators to access the CDK system.

## Installation

> To use the CLI tool the chain admin needs only download the precompiled CDK package ([the binaries](https://github.com/0xPolygon/cdk/releases/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the chain admin, you simply need to download the precompiled [CDK package binaries](https://github.com/0xPolygon/cdk/releases/).
```

> There is no need to have Golang, checkout the CDK repo, or install anything else. It is also trustless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to install Golang, browse the CDK repo, or set up any additional tools. Moreover, the process is entirely trustless.
```

## Running the CLI tool

!!! info
    
    Requirements:

    Get the binaries, packages and docker images published with each release, [here](https://github.com/0xPolygon/cdk/releases/).
    
## Commands

### CDK

Here the Admin needs to provide the CDK-node configuration file and a genesis file of the desired chain.

Usage: `cdk <COMMAND>`

Commands:

> * `node` - Run the cdk-node with the provided configuration

Reviewer: If cdk-node, etc. are standalone services, consider mentioning it accordingly.
If they are, you can add the word "service" after the service name.

Reviewer 2: They are not independent services, when run with the CLI they'll be child processes tied together for the whole lifecycle of the parent process so I think it can create confusion.
```suggestion
* `node` - Run the cdk-node with the provided configuration
```

* `erigon` - Run cdk-erigon node with the provided default configuration
* `versions` - Output the corresponding versions of the components
* `help`    Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
* `-h, --help` - Print help

> ### cdk node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `cdk node`
```

> To run cdk-node use the `node` subcommand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run cdk-node use the `node` subcommand with one of the options mentioned below.
```

Usage: `cdk node [OPTIONS]`

Options:
* `-C, --config <CONFIG>` - The path to the configuration file [env: `CDK_CONFIG_PATH=`]
* `-c, --components <COMPONENTS>` - Components to run [env: `CDK_COMPONENTS=`]
* `-h, --help` - Print help

### cdk erigon

> Chain administrators can run a cdk-erigon RPC node that syncs to an existing chain with default parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a cdk-erigon RPC node that syncs to an existing chain using the default parameters.
```

> This subcommand is intended for quickly spin-up of an RPC node or to test existing chains with default configuration values. In order fine tune and to access all configuration values, check the [full cdk-erigon documentation](../../cdk/getting-started/cdk-erigon/index.md) reference to erigon configuration docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subcommand is intended for quickly spinning up an RPC node or testing existing chains with default configuration values. In order to fine-tune settings and access all available configuration options, refer to the [full cdk-erigon documentation](../../cdk/getting-started/cdk-erigon/index.md) on Erigon configuration.
```

Usage: `cdk erigon [OPTIONS]`

Options:
* `-C, --config <CONFIG>` - The path to the configuration file [env: `CDK_CONFIG_PATH=`]
* `-g, --chain <CHAIN>` - The path to a chain specification file [env: `CDK_GENESIS_PATH=`]
* `-h, --help` - Print help

> ### cdk versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `cdk versions`
```

> The above command generates all the required configuration files for cdk-erigon on-the-fly and run the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command generates all the required configuration files for cdk-erigon on the fly and runs the node.
```

> Output the corresponding versions of the components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To print the corresponding versions of the components, run the following command:
```
